Adding Pages for Discord Bot Videos 1 and 2 (#2861)
CodingTrain/website: _learning/discord-bot/03-discordjs.md

---
title: Coding a Bot with discord.js
video_number: 3
date: 2020-11-05
video_id: zzz
can_contribute: true

links:
  - title: "discord.js"
    url: https://discord.js.org/
  - title: "Discord.js Guide"
    url: https://discordjs.guide/
  - title: "DisStreamChat Bot"
    author: "David and Kobe"
    url: https://www.disstreamchat.com/
  - title: "The Coding Train Discord"
    url: /discord

videos:
  - title: "Server Side with Node.js"
    author: "The Coding Train"
    url: /Courses/data-and-apis/2.1-server-side-node
  - title: "Hiding API Keys (dotenv)"
    author: "The Coding Train"
    url: /Courses/data-and-apis/3.4-hiding-api-key
  - title: "Building a Discord bot with Daniel Shiffman of the Coding Train"
    author: "Coding Garden"
    video_id: gzM7kj6gV5I
---

> Here I work on coding a the Coding Train Choo Choo bot using discord.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's finally time to write some code! In this video, I demonstrate the very basics of coding a "hello world"-style bot with discord.js.
```
